while we're dealing with the year is
potentially a global war that requires a
constant diligence in order to suppress
our allegedly unsophisticated enemy has
realized that we aren't easy target our
world is a lot simpler to put to an end
and Hoffman is the head of the division
but he does not know nothing until he
steals it from the guy on the ground and
that's me breweries of the day the car
gets immobilized
start shooting nobody gets traded
everybody dies same as every day you got
it
we're here to protect you you can't even
protect yourselves
a visual will engage Zuni hey there
little buddy
hang up the phone are you on the line
yep this you are attracting attention
now I will handle this on my own head 6
o'clock in the morning saving
civilization honey you working with a
guy named hani salaam i have one rule
with you never lied to me all you got to
do is trust me he'll expect me to run an
operation when you're running a side
operation oops
[Music]
what the hell else is holding back for
me
[Music]
you know we're at war and our enemy they
do not want to negotiate at the trust
everyone I can right now
I will not be responsible for your
safety I know about you buddy I know you
work for the agency you're blown pump
alone you should've sent a team he
didn't send a team did you whatever he
wanted to kill me what are the chances
you're playing both sides
I did what I have to do you Arctic our
hungry uh-huh what's your point
oh that mean what does that mean
[Music]
right
you